for longer than he can remember John
Clark has led a dull existence the
mind-numbing commute the family he never
sees better late tonight looks away
but one night he looks up and his whole
life changes you ever danced before yeah
I'm a fast learner excuse me when we go
outside when we go forward good now he's
entering a world he never imagined
a place filled with grand passions you
have to hold her like you're gonna have
your way with right here on the dance
floor you all right yep good bitter
rivalries great friends shall we dance
mr. corn and strange couples do such as
looking at your hips touch your hair to
lose it
from the company that brought you shake
ah go you could've told me about it was
ashamed of dancing Richard Gere Jennifer
Lopez Susan Sarandon Stanley Tucci in a
story about the dreams we followed for
me you wanna guess I'm happy and the
lives we change along the way Beverly
dance with me I don't sit well been
dancing with me for 19 years shall we
dance
you